hi everyone so I'm doing under the hall
and I was pleased to be on the spending
man what yesterday and I went to town
and so yeah I'm going to do a whole
basically if I'd have left this whole
tonight do another time then I would
have found myself like buying more
things and then yeah I'm trying to try
and not buy anything until my birthday
and a half so I'm going to get all this
stuff out of the way show you all and
then I can put it away and then no more
we can buy no more so I'm going to start
with like make up your bits and these
two eyes what a while ago but i forgot
to include them in a lot of the hole i'm
first I got a new mineralize skinfinish
and I can really tell the difference
when I've used this I'm going to happen
and I ran out of this like a couple of
weeks ago and I've only just bought a
new one and I can really tailor
different slow I know some people say
that it doesn't really do a lot but I
can tell the difference Alice 20 pounds
I'll like whoa when I first bought this
it was like 18 pounds now that that's
expensive but I could deal with it but
20 pounds of that Oh see ya got that and
then I got a lipstick about and that's
chest box picked up the wrong one well I
got creamed corn way and yeah I picked
up the wrong one oh well and yeah good
one cuz like you'll see my room tour
that I store them in a little a critic
train out and it's so hard to find the
right one I have to like pick them all
up to find the 101 it drives me crazy so
yeah perfectly that's what I just pick
the wrong one so yeah and I start with
Topshop I've got two things in here
actually and sits down with top shot off
and I've got the 348 pounds results cuz
i usually get new look socks that have
got that patterns on but I just wear
them down so quickly so I want these
ones and abort white like whitey cream
ones with black frills I bought lilac
ones with like creamy ivory rose I'm
going to bought that light pasta blue
ones where
creamy ivory froze and then the rest are
and you've got one thing and is this
skirt and it's one of these like peplum
skirt if you're going to be able to see
ya the line is gone after creating what
you can see and it's like a bodycon one
it's actually really slimming because of
that panel at the front if you can see
that and the peplum bit kind of like
hard on my last a bit so I really like
this and this was only 22 pounds as
expecting it to be like a lot more and
topshop of kind of put the prices down a
little bit like four it would have
charged loads of this and it's kind of
like weird but to like you see that so
yeah I really like that and it looks so
nice on it looks really like swimming so
yeah I got that and then from Primark
that's in this package came I've got
this black shirt and this is to go with
the skirt because yeah and it's kind of
like that and you can kind of see the
back it's like a cutout back and in the
summer that I look very nice and then in
the winter and just vest
underneath them and it's got like long
sleeves and set that a little bit longer
at the back and this looks so nice
talking to that I'll maybe do another
day I don't know I don't really see ya I
really like that and I was only 12
pounds which they thought was quite nice
and we also got this from Primark and
it's like and a bikini top
identification in it oh wow and it's
kind of like her I don't know who is it
and I'll stay keep ring I don't know I
like it anyway and it's got its kind of
just like a bra style one with like the
straps and that was eight pounds wait
isn't that bad for saying it but it's
kind of what this is then you usually
pay around walk I don't know and ok then
from st and they have them in my boots
now and yeah and you can't be YouTube
will not pick this up it's a seasoning
can t alcohol and you have to pick this
up if your youtube but you have to and
then i also got penny talk and
I'm obsessed with rose gold in them
there and I heard someone talk about
this and I had to have it I've got it on
my nails now actually not gonna be able
to see and I can't monitor focus it
properly but it looks really nice I'm a
bar is to come a picture or something
and then from new look they have a real
good sale on that one i bought this
first that wasn't in the sale actually
it's this bikini like it's not a bikini
Jesus Christ it's like one of these that
kind of go like that and then you've got
your bum bit so it kind of just cause up
your middle and then your backs kind of
out so it's kind of quite slim and
actually and it's got rose gold at the
top and how's that oh yes you don't
really see what it is and I really like
this and this was 2299 but those twenty
five percent off it was before the sale
but it was still like twenty-five
percent off so i think it was like I
don't know do the math you find out and
see how I got that and I'm really happy
with that and I think I want to get
another bikini this style and then some
new lock the other day how about these
vandals I wanted them when they went in
the sale I wanted them when they went in
sale but they were like 20 weird and I
was determined to get some cheaper ones
but then they went down to seven and
that's okay because this year I've been
getting that loads of Primark ones and
the be broken or they're not like wide
enough so what really wide feet and
these are in the wild fit section
actually I don't need to see that but
yeah I'm happy with these they've given
me blisters because I actually more than
yesterday bought them you know that's
all part of it isn't it and the song
that you get blisters so that's my whole
I kind of kept it short but it was a bit
small but and I think that's everything
and so if you have any requests for like
video ideas they leave them down below
because i'm kind of like really back
into an hour so and that's everything
and hopefully I won't be doing any more
holes anytime
if I do then dislike it and don't
unsubscribe for dislike it tell me off
so yeah that should be everything and
i'll see you soon bye guys
you